you also what's going on guys my name is
porn star this is another Black Ops 2
gameplay today we're using the diamond
camo slapped on top of the cheekbone CQB
AKA that she come ya boy talk about she
come all diamonds are a girl's best
friend i tell you what man this thing
looks bedazzles hell kind of low funky
looking but it is so worth that this is
definitely one of the more attractive
ones in SMG category to unlock the
diamond camo if he did not see the video
i put up yesterday go ahead check that
out it'll be down description blog give
you some tips on towards building up
headshots and how to actually unlock the
diamond camo if you have not seen that
yet go do that right now um the gcom was
definitely one of the more difficult
guns in the category to unlock it was
very very different because it is the
only burst weapon SMG in the game it was
far more difficult than i expected to
get the headshots and overall the gun is
great though the gun is definitely one
of the best guns in the game in the
right hands it is definitely more of a
veteran what but not noob friendly as
many of the other fully automatics are
so this gun was definitely definitely a
challenger most of the other games i
think it took me about two and a half
hours to unlock gold this one took me
closer to four this one was extremely
painful for the headshots and even with
getting no perks and no attachments on
it trying to get this a lot gold was
very very difficult i have to admit man
i mean unlocking this gun gold was
basically the equivalent of giving birth
to a christmas tree through my pee hole
we're talking stump first men presents
involved in everything i know i'm
festive but it was it was challenging
and all of this was done on live string
too so you know i had 500 people give or
take here and there a thousand people a
lot of you guys have been seeing that
I've been getting these guns legit I am
almost done with the shotguns too so I
decided hey phone since you're on such a
roll you're having a lot of fun playing
subscribers christmas is on the way i'ma
try to have every gun in the game done
gold diamond camo before christmas
that's about a month for us to knock
these out if you guys want to come play
with me or even just hang out during the
live stream chat with other people that
have common interests such as you know
diamonds go ahead and do it i have to
admit that this gun is definitely one of
the more attractive ones in the category
basically at the gold camo with a little
bit of diamonds on top of it and it does
look pretty good especially in the
daylight when you get a little bit
I on it it's pretty cool to see I mean
when people get killed by it it looks
great and killcams I absolutely love the
diamond camos um some of them are more
difficult than others like I said some
could be very very time-consuming very
frustrating for the shotguns for example
to get one shot kills with some of those
guns like the 12-16 in Saiga you have to
be in like hardcore and I'm not used to
hard core you know so you got to go
through the loops but it's a very very
fun in Game achievement to try to go
ahead and unlock diamond camo and I'm
having a lot of fun with another chica
on the other hand was challenging
because I think it's one of the best
guns in the game in the right hands it
is the best gun in the game and and I
know it sounds really really weird but
you have to be an extremely skilled
player to use this to the level that it
would be considered one of the best guns
in the game it is on the same rate if
you guys have obviously used the evo
scorpion it is on the same rate
statistically as that weapon with a
couple minor differences on the Scorpion
is fully auto there for you basically
burn through your ammunition in one
second flat it's pretty much done gone
and out of this situation now the Chico
could fire just as quick as that gun but
his birth fire but you can spam it
there's basically no cooldown though
Paul's between shots you can spray it as
if it was fully auto so in close
quarters or even hip firing the gun
still performs that an amazing level
it's one major flaw is the fact that
it's not really good at distance this
gun is useful in about you know 10 20
meters max it is burst fire which is
what I encourage people to use I mean I
like burst fire over the evo that's what
that's the one thing that I like most
people look at burst fire as a hindrance
as a problem I on the other hand see it
as an opportunity it means you can
conserve your ammunition on this gun
right here I've got quick-draw and
extended mags on it I've got so much
ammo to burn through on these guys and
we go in pretty hard you can see right
here with this gun is capable of in the
right hands I absolutely do love it and
again like I said because it is I think
in my opinion the most sexiest out of
all of them I does have the iron sight
similar to the fmg9 if you guys remember
that for modern warfare 3 but again this
gun diamond is one of the most
attractive one another pro tip for you
guys which is something you saw a little
bit earlier when I was using the
executioner what I think that I'm doing
is you guys know is I'm trying to get
all the guns gold which means i want to
get diamond camo now one of the things
that i encourage you guys to do if
you're in the same path of enlightenment
that i am trying to get that bling bling
than what you guys need to do is have
the right secondary equipped any
opportunity any moment I get to shoot an
idol or a sniper in the window this
still stationary I pull out that
secondary weapon like right now I the
executioner I at the kap-40 full head
shots already that gun is super easy
anyways because the recoil time was
always a automatic hit shot but I've got
the executioner which is probably be one
of the more difficult guns in the game
to get the head shots with so I decided
to put that on so in case I run into any
idols or anything along the lines of
that I do have that gun equipped so I
can get those kills built up because
it's going to be very very difficult
getting 100 kill head shots with a lot
of these pistols so that's just a little
pro tip for you guys if you guys are
trying to go for them diamonds cuz you
know diamonds are a girl's best friend
yeah boy actually they're a boy's best
friend because they offer up smiles
horizontal and vertical if you know what
I mean so you know overall I do like how
it's setup it's obviously not a simple
texture you could tell that they're not
a little they're there a little bit
offline on the back of the gun with aim
down sights you can see that they're not
perfectly lined up so I like how they
don't look like perfectly crappy-looking
some of them are bigger than others do
it looks like I've got like the bottom
mercury side of an old school
thermometer on some of the guns but
anyways hopefully you guys have enjoyed
this I am going to be continuing posting
these the shotguns will be done next and
i'll put up a video showing those off
and then hopefully you guys can leave a
vote whether or not you want to see like
the specials or anything along the lines
of that on the next set you know snipers
or something so thanks for watching guys
hope you guys have enjoyed the video
remember drop a like and favorite as it
really does help out a lot and I
encourage you guys to go for the diamond
it's a fun thing to go for I mean a lot
of people like to go for prestiging but
that's bro that's so like six years ago
nowadays cool kids go for diamond peace
out guys get it